oh you must be hungry tim is a healthy
adult who represents no danger to
himself or anyone else and I believe he
should be discharged hey little brother
I found it what do you mean we only have
a few days a few days for what to keep
our promise and kill it
my name is Kaylie Ann Russell the
purpose of today's experiment is to
prove that the object behind me is
responsible for at least 45 deaths in
the four centuries of his recorded
existence we got a new mom so we get new
furniture if it ostentatious that don't
you think
dad who's that lady in your office today
what lady we're just kids
we made up a scary story so he wouldn't
have to accept the fact that our father
was a sick man killed art why don't we
just end it right now and smash the damn
thing first I intend to prove that the
people I've just described were victims
of the supernatural force that resides
in that mirror more redeem the family
name you promised me you never forget
what really happened I was 10 years old
Betty Tara snap out of it
I seen the devil he hears me